- My main point is that you should just shut up
about Tailwind.
Read the word.
If you talk about Tailwind, I'm gonna come after you.
- I'm not sure how we got there, but okay, fair enough.
(upbeat music)
- Speaking of, have you eaten?
- Yeah, today I was like, I'm gonna drink water.
- Ooh.
- I'm gonna eat, I'm gonna have my energy levels up.
I'm like finishing off this lard bar.
- Oh, nice lard bar, haven't had one in so long.
Did you know I haven't eaten lard bars in a while?
- Did you like realize you got a problem
and you wanted to go take time off?
- I wish it was that profound.
It was just, I didn't order them again.
And then I realized I really don't fit
into my eating schedule.
I eaten a very limited one.
I'm doing the intermittent stuff.
And we just eat two meals, like a breakfast on it.
We're not going the full one meal a day thing.
But, yeah, I don't snack.
So there's not really an opportunity to eat a lard bar.
Man, I love lard bars.
Man, I miss lard bars now.
Just talking about it.
(laughing)
- I've also been on a lard bar break
because they were like my streaming thing.
So I would like eat them while I streamed.
And I stopped streaming as much.
And I also ran out.
Do you remember I ordered way too many?
I had like a basket when I got hungry with them.
- That's awesome.
- And I finally finished them.
And I didn't buy them for a couple of weeks.
And then Liz saw them in the grocery store.
So she grabbed them and now I'm back on the train.
- They're so good.
- Back on the lard train.
- I'm eating, I haven't eaten, I'm eating now.
So throughout the podcast,
my energy levels should rise.
They're on the upswing.
- No, is that your beats pre-workout?
- No, there's no beats in this.
It's just breakfast.
It's a lot of stuff in it, but it's not beat.
I'm not working on it today.
I have a massage today.
I'm excited for that.
- Are they coming to your house?
- No, that'd be cool.
Do they do that?
Are they a masseuse?
- I feel like you're the type where
they would come to your house.
That's why I asked.
(laughing)
But that's a thing.
I remember in, I mean, maybe in cities,
but I remember in New York,
some companies would offer that as a perk
where they would come to your office
and massage you.
I don't like massages.
I get really tense when someone is trying to massage me,
which is the opposite of what a massage is supposed to do.
And I found this the thought of laying naked
on a table and not fully naked,
but let me make it where you worked in your office.
Something about that just fell off.
- Yeah, that seems kind of different.
Yeah, I don't know, like I've never had an actual massage.
I know some people say they can be really painful.
Like, yeah, the deep ones.
But Casey, my wife goes to this masseuse
and says that she'll give you like varying degrees
of pain depending on what you want.
Yeah. (laughing)
It's like an opt-in.
My neck is doing that thing again.
I've got like a thing in my back
where I can hardly like move to the left.
So I badly need this massage.
Couldn't even train this morning.
Couldn't even BJJ.
Sucks.
- A large percentage of our podcast
has turned into us talking about our bodies wearing down.
- Yeah, we should really stop.
(laughing)
- So he's talking about it.
- I think we'll be coming at those people.
We're like, ah, my back is acting up, you know?
- This is episode 50.
So by episode 100, would just be dead?
What's up?
- Would be dead.
(laughing)
The last hundred years to live,
those like bin folks on. (laughing)
- Yeah.
I, so I, I, back when I was having all those shoulder issues,
I was saying the same topic.
(laughing)
I was talking about shoulder issues.
I went to a physical therapist
and she would end every, like I was on crazy good insurance.
This was when I was selling her my parents insurance
and my dad was working for some, some crazy hedge fund.
And I liked insane insurance.
And like the physical therapy I got from completely for free
was like 40 minutes of physical therapy.
And then like a 30 minute, like legit massage.
- Wow.
- After each one.
But it was the most painful thing.
It did, it did make me feel better,
but it was very, very painful.
She was just like, go hard and it's a pressure points I had.
- Do you feel good afterwards?
Like, is it worth it?
- Yeah, it, it, it did make me feel better
but then the larger point.
So I was like, okay, this is cool.
It's free and it makes me feel better.
But the large, if you zoom out a little bit,
I fixed my shoulder problem just by hanging.
And I think I've talked about it before I was hanging.
I eventually discovered the concept
of just hanging from a bar.
- Yeah.
- And those like permanently fixed my shoulder issues.
- Same with wrist issues, right?
- It was all kind of pointless in the end.
There's a help through wrist issues too, obviously.
- Yeah, I think primes talked about it helps with your wrists.
- Okay.
- I've had wrist issues like I've had carpal tunnel
in the past and I've had issues where like,
maybe it is the carpal tunnel where you wake up in the night
and like three your fingers are numb on one hand.
- Oh really?
- Yeah, I'm using like a little wrist thing now,
like a wrist bar in front of my keyboard
so that it's a little more.
- You like rest?
- Yeah.
- I'm shocked that I don't have carpal tunnel
'cause I've been, I've been like using my keyboard a lot
like a lot more than the average person.
- For 10 years.
- Probably the same, yeah, for a long time
and somehow my wrists, wrists are fine.
I don't even use an ergonomic keyboard.
- I just use a--
- Yeah, I don't, I don't like mechanical.
- Yeah, I don't, well non-mechanical, that's wrong
but I don't like the ergonomic ones.
- Anytime I say 10 years to you, by the way, I'm joking.
That's a joke.
- I know, I know, I know, I know.
(laughing)
- Actually, that time I was like, is he making a joke
or is he like being serious?
That could have gone another way.
- What are you gonna do next year when it's 11 years?
What are you gonna do?
- I'm gonna round down to 10.
- Oh, so you ran in on 10 'til it's 15?
- I've been saying 10 for like three years now.
So I think I'm marching on 11, I don't really know.
- Wait, wait, when did you start,
like when did you start professionally as a developer?
'Cause I feel like we've talked about this I forgot.
- 2012, I think, is probably when I was really getting paid.
- So I've got three years on you, I started in 2009.
- Wow, right after the crisis.
- Yeah, that affected, no, I have no idea.
(laughing)
So I've been doing this three years longer
and I'm like 50 times worse.
I wasn't gonna say 100, but I don't know.
- Well, you haven't really been doing it,
you've been doing it three years longer professionally,
but.
- Oh, you grew up in it.
- You, yeah, I think I was, I'm like doing it long overall.
- Okay, okay.
- Also, your house is bigger than mine, so that's all right.
- There you go, that's all right.
Also, I live in a place that's much cheaper.
(laughing)
- Did you get partner on Twitch?
- I did a while ago and I didn't even notice
and I laid it on stream since I got it.
Is that the curse you just get partnering,
you're never streaming in?
- No, I mean, oh, I get it.
(laughing)
- I don't think of myself as never streaming again,
I'm going to stream again.
I'm just not streaming right now, that's all.
- Back when you were getting it or close to getting it,
you were telling me like, oh, you know,
like what's gonna be the next goal?
Like I'm like kind of directionless after this
or is that something to that degree?
And I was like, what is he talking about?
Like who cares?
Like it's just a random thing.
But then now I'm like, I know exactly what you're talking about.
I like got partnered, I'm like, oh, so much of my motivation
to stream came from there being this goal.
Like I didn't even realize that that was what was driving me.
- Yeah, at the beginning, I didn't even know what it was.
I didn't know it existed.
I was motivated just to do it for the fun of it
for the first few weeks.
And then once you learn what it is, it's like,
oh, there's a carrot, I want the carrot.
And then yeah, you get the carrot.
I think what I'm gonna do, because there's reasons
I just can't stream like work stuff right now.
I think I'm gonna start streaming just like playing
first band, have I said this?
I think I've said this publicly.
I'm gonna play-- - You mentioned it, yeah.
- It's like an old Super Nintendo game.
I'm gonna play it on stream just to be able to hang out
with all my friends that are here right now
in your Twitch chat.
Yeah, I'm gonna play it.
- These aren't our friends.
I tweeted something like tailwind is annoying.
And that's why all these people are here in the stream.
- Oh, these are just people who agree
that tailwind is annoying or disagree.
- Or are here to yell at me, yeah.
- Does anyone have a neutral opinion on tailwind?
You claim to, but you just made your title tailwind is annoying
or I hate tailwind, so.
- Well, but do you want me to expand on why?
I said that.
I have a neutral opinion on tailwind
because I think it makes sense.
And like I said, I've used that pattern for a while,
but I feel like, so at first it was tailwind kind of came out
and I think it was a kind of like the underdog
in a lot of ways and it was definitely not the incumbent.
There's a lot of people just hating on it.
And those are people that were annoying,
just people randomly hating on this new thing
they haven't tried. - Yeah.
- But now it's just swung to being pretty consensus.
Like it's kind of the mainstream opinion.
And I now am finding pro-tailwind people super annoying,
like they're just constantly being like,
this is so awesome.
Like, and I don't understand why this draws
so much passion from people
because I cannot think of a more boring part
of my application, like if I'm gonna be passionate
about something, it's not gonna be
how I style my front ends, you know?
- Yeah, but you like the CSS and JS.
I feel like I don't like that.
I don't remember why I don't like that.
- Yeah, people don't like it.
But I think it's because, so I think there's two dimensions.
There's what the API for it looks like
and there's what, how it's implemented.
- The runtime.
- Yeah, I think I used it when it was like style components
and motion and all these things that were super slow.
- Yeah, so style components and emotion were,
I think emotion were both string based.
So you were kind of like writing CSS strings
in like these template string things.
- Yeah.
- I don't think that's a good API.
I think that there's a good reason why people
just didn't like that.
Then Stitches came out, which was very typescript oriented.
So that was like, really thought about
how do you build components, like prop mapping,
all of the classic things that you do with components.
- That's the same people that make radix, right?
- Radix, yeah, and then a lot of radix, radix, radix,
radix, et cetera.
- It's radix, actually.
I'm just kidding, I don't know.
I don't think you should say that out loud.
- Why?
What was that a bad word?
Wait.
Just move on.
- No, no, no, no, wait, wait, wait.
Is it a bad word?
Is it a word that's like a bad word?
- It's not a bad word, no, no, no, no.
It just sounds interesting when you say it.
- It sounds interesting.
You can't just leave me like that.
There's something about the way I said,
it sounded like another word, or that.
- Why don't you say it one more time?
- I don't think I want to,
because you're being very critical of it.
- Well, chat's helping you out there.
- Oh, got it.
(both laughing)
- Okay, I'll not say that again, my bad.
One time I said something on stream,
and it was apparently, it was like a racial slur.
I didn't even remember that.
- I'd never heard the word in my life.
I'd never heard it.
And I wasn't, I don't remember why I said it, but anyway,
go ahead.
- Yeah, okay.
Nobody believes you.
- Yeah, so they made, so yeah, they make,
I can't remember how to say it anymore.
Radix, radix.
- I've never known how to say it.
I don't know.
- I just say all the different ways.
- Yeah.
- There's one of those terms that I've never had to say
out loud, I've thought it a million times,
I've never said out loud.
I'm just gonna go to radix.
- Radix is so good by the way.
- Sorry, stitches.
- Yeah, exactly.
And a lot of their examples were like using
stitches underneath.
So I think stitches nailed the API.
Like more or less, like 95% of there it was right API.
Variance, compound variance.
Like all the classic things you knew with components.
But the runtime implementation was not good.
And in fact, as of the latest React version,
it like doesn't even work.
And it was effectively a rewrite to get it to work
when they chose not to--
- Isn't it abandoned?
- Continue to invest in it.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Yeah, so I was using it around the time when I saw
that that obstruction was going,
which is why we worked on Macron,
which is like the API from stitches, which I like,
but no runtime.
Everything happens at compile time.
It extracts out static CSS.
It's built on top of an old extract,
which is made by, it's just like--
- It's made by that guy that makes the memes.
- You used to make the memes.
Mark.
- Yeah, Mark.
- Yeah, and I think he like co-invented CSS modules.
So he's like, he's like very pro.
He's like, obviously very good CSS,
but he also invented this other thing
of doing it in TypeScript.
So I think that like, there's some credibility there
in that it's not just doing it for the hell.
- Yeah.
I don't know what CSS modules are, by the way.
I hear that all the time and I don't know what it is.
- It's just like importing CSS from a CSS file.
- I mean, like, why do I need,
why do I need modules of CSS
when I could just have like components
and then they have styles on them?
- Where do the styles go?
- On the components.
- But that's using tailwind, right?
- Sorry, I was trying not to say tailwind
'cause I didn't want to trigger you.
(laughing)
- No, I'm saying like outside of tailwind,
like, you know, if you're just using normal CSS,
you can organize them into modules
and import them as needed.
- I see.
- Anyway, tailwind is fine.
Use it.
Just shut up about it, you know?
- I never thought, I don't talk about it.
I don't think, do it, ah, I probably don't.
- I'm not talking to you.
- Okay.
- I'm talking to the general world
that just will not shut up about this thing.
- Was there a recent thing like,
why did you say I hate tailwind today?
Was there a recent, is tailwind back in the news?
It's about every other week, isn't it?
What happened?
- Exactly, and I think it went from like, okay,
it's constantly, we're talking about it.
Then it became this meta thing where we're like,
ha ha, we talk about tailwind so much, so stupid.
But then it's still continuing.
So I'm just like, okay, it's too far now.
Now, I think this started because Taylor,
well, tweeted something like,
tailwind is the only way to do maintainable CSS.
- Did you, and I was like, did you argue against it?
- Yeah.
- Did you, no, I just don't care.
I was like, this drew nothing, no, no urge
for me to respond or anything.
- Except your Twitch title, that's all.
That's all, it just drew you to say, I hate tailwind.
- That's true, yeah.
But I don't wanna actually talk about the topic.
I just want to say the topic is friggin' boring.
- Okay, can I switch gears?
- Yes.
- I know you really love talking about tailwind.
But there is a group now of nine people in a Twitter DM.
It's a Twitter group of devs who stream on Twitch,
they're going to Twitch con in a couple of months.
And you know who's not in this?
- Me.
- I'm not in it.
- You, you suck.
Why are you not going to Twitch con?
- Can you list everyone in it?
Is that private?
- I mean, I don't, I get, I mean, I don't think anyone,
anyone who's going has probably said publicly, right?
- That's gonna, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- I mean, they're all like, okay, I'm gonna say who's in it.
I hope this isn't bad.
- Okay, tell me.
- Prime, bad cop, bash bunny, begin, like begin bot,
trash, milky, tawny, acorn, trav, Theo, me,
and Chris Griffin.
- Wow, what a, what a crew.
- It's a bunch of people.
It's a crew.
We're probably gonna like go to dinner or something.
I don't know, something.
- You're gonna be in Vegas.
- Yeah, someone, don't you?
Oh, you're trying to anti, you're trying to reverse them on me
by pointing out they're some Vegas.
(laughing)
- Hey Vegas.
I definitely have FOMO as gonna increase
when I see all of your pictures.
- Oh yeah, there's gonna be some,
we're gonna post so many pictures.
I'm just gonna DM you pictures.
- You don't even stream on Twitch,
so you shouldn't even be allowed entry.
- I have streamed my share, sir.
(laughing)
- It does feel weird going to TwitchCon
when I haven't streamed in months.
That does feel weird.
Has it been months?
I don't even know anymore.
Wait, when is it again?
Is it in November?
- October, October.
- October?
- It's like October 20 something.
Are you considering it?
Are you, are you considering?
- No, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not considering.
- What's the, is it killing factor?
Is it, 'cause Vegas?
- No, it's not, it's not, well, okay.
So there's like layers of friction, right?
So base level Vegas, okay, I can like get over that,
like whatever, if I just go for a couple of days,
I'm gonna have fun.
That might, most favorite place to go,
I wish it was somewhere else.
That would excite me.
- Yeah.
- Instead of being like a negative.
- I know, it sucks.
But it's, you just stay in the hotel and who cares?
- Yeah, but it's like, if I'm gonna go on a trip,
it would just be nice if it was somewhere
I hadn't gone before or something.
- Yeah, that's fair.
- A little added bonus.
Second is, I'm just like in work mode
and I'm like just traveling right now, it just seems.
- Yeah, no, it's a distraction.
- Just a big disruption. - Yeah.
- Also, of everyone that you listed on that list,
I don't really like any of those people.
So, that's really the main thing.
- That's not true.
(laughing)
I know at least a few of them that you like humans.
- You suck.
- Yeah, have fun at your 12 person dinner
where you end up in the corner seat
and then you're not gonna be able to talk anymore.
And you're just gonna be looking at everyone else
and you'll be like, I wish I got here earlier
so I could get the middle seat, but you did.
You got the wait and now you're at the edge
and you can't really hear anyone
and you're trying to get a word in
and it just makes you work.
- 'Cause this isn't working, Max.
- I'm very excited.
- And then you're gonna pay 70 bucks for your dinner
and then you're gonna go home.
You send me a box for your dinner
which you actually couldn't even eat
because there was meat in it.
You're gonna go home, order those terrible vegan donuts again
and then slowly eat them over the course of the days.
- You got those in Vegas didn't it?
Those were some terrible vegan donuts with a capital T.
Oh my word.
I mean, like in the, they're good tasting
but make you feel awful 'cause they were so sugary.
Did you have any of those?
I don't remember.
You came to the room.
- No, no, no, I saw you posted pictures
and I was like, that doesn't, that looks like a kid's toy.
- Yeah, the way they decorated them.
- Yeah, I'm definitely gonna get more of them
and I'm gonna regret every second of it.
Why am I gonna do that to myself anyway?
- Yeah, so I'm not gonna go.
I hope you guys have fun.
I know you guys have fun.
- Okay, that's fine.
- It's fine.
No, it's fine, really.
It's fine.
On behalf of everybody, it's fine.
- That's fine.
- I'm just trying to make, I just hope this, again, react.
I'm just focused on react Miami.
I don't have to travel for that.
- So that's the one time of year
you'll be at a conference when it's in your backyard.
- Yeah, I'm gonna try to like do, yeah, exactly.
When I can literally walk to it.
I'm gonna try to do more, just try to like get more people
that I wanna see to go this year.
'Cause last year, a lot of people went
that I wanted to see, but it was kind of like
she's like going to see.
- I'm gonna try to go.
Before you just start begging me.
- What?
Stop it.
(laughing)
- Tickets are already sold out.
- Oh, stop it.
I know the organizers.
I know them.
I met at Rinder, 'cause I went to Atlanta.
I'm just quite the traveler.
- Oh.
- I'm just all over the place.
- I met the network here.
- I go to things.
- Rubbin shoulders, as I say.
- I am excited for React Miami.
It does seem like there's a lot of momentum
behind that conference.
And the fact that it's gonna be a party this year,
there's gonna be like an element of partying,
just on purpose, not just as a side effect.
- Yeah, and the organizer Michelle,
like she like tries really hard
and she like tries to think really hard
about what we're doing as opposed to being like,
this is a conference you do, as wise.
- Yeah.
- Kind of thinking from it from ground up.
'Cause like even the city you're in
should just impact the whole format of it
because it is a place.
- Yeah, if it doesn't incorporate that.
Yeah, right.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
I can be a widely different base off of where you are.
I'm hoping that that works out.
I'm trying to get more of the bigger React people to go
this year, which will be fun.
- I would do big React people not go last year.
Who are the big React people?
- No, we had a bunch of like Kent.
Kent C. Dodds was there.
- Yeah, he's one of the biggest React people, right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, I always forget how he pronounces viju, viju,
viju, the gixialidraw guy.
He was like, yeah.
- Mm-hmm.
- Viju, viju.
I don't know if he's French, but.
- Oh, I missed trying to pronounce words
that I can't pronounce.
That was fun.
When I streamed.
(laughing)
- I'm laughing 'cause I'm remembering that one time.
Someone made you say something really inappropriate.
I actually still remember what it was.
- Was it the racial slur that I just mentioned?
- No, it wasn't the racial slur.
- Oh, okay.
Something else.
- Someone spelled something in a different way.
- Oh, yeah, I remember to stop it.
Yeah, and I said it out loud.
'Cause I read every single message.
That's a vulnerability.
If you wanna hack my stream, just type anything into the chat
and I will read it.
Double it still has the clip.
- Another thing I miss is when I would just
re-paste someone else's message over again,
and it was like kind of confused you.
(laughing)
- Yeah, that was annoying.
Oh yeah, I gotta stream again.
We had good times.
- But you wouldn't have time.
You're probably thankful that I don't stream
because you spent all that time in my chat
when you should've been working,
and it was just not a good use of time.
- That is a good point.
Maybe I don't want it to stream.
My productivity levels are at a recent high.
In the past couple years, this past few weeks,
recent high in productivity.
- Do you chalk all that up to any one thing in particular?
- No, I don't think I changed anything in my life.
I think it was just stuff pulled in a direction.
There's just a lot of work to do for SST.
I mean, we launched a console and we have users now,
and there's like--
- You have users.
You have zero users.
Now you have users.
How's that going?
What's it like to have users next?
- It's fun because we get to see all this visibility
into how people are using SST.
Before it was kind of a black box.
We had a little bit of telemetry in there,
but it was just like, what commands you ran?
- Yeah.
- But we didn't know what types of resources
are you using?
Are you deploying APIs next year sites?
What are you doing?
So now we're able to poke through all that.
And it's super interesting.
There's almost a, probably almost 1,000 next-js sites deployed,
just from the people that signed up.
- Wow!
- Yeah, the numbers are pretty crazy.
And we were also hooking into the metrics
in your AWS account so we can see
how many function invocations you have.
So every morning, the first thing I do is I check,
'cause we have a job that runs every night that computes it.
And I have a ranking of all the companies
and who has the most invocations.
- Whoa, I guess that's all private information.
Can you say?
- Yeah, well, I mean, I can't share it, but--
- Can you share any numbers or orders of magnitude?
Or I don't know, something like what's--
- Okay, so there's interesting dynamic that's happening
where, so right now, to set up the console,
you need to connect to your AWS account to us.
So you basically give us permission to look in there.
And right now, we haven't tightened up the permission.
So it's, right now, just you give us full access.
That sets a ceiling on the type of companies that--
- Yeah, we'll just kind of like set it up offhand.
'Cause so the numbers aren't crazy right now,
like they're, the highest one is like three
or four million invocations a day, something like that.
- Ooh, that sounds like a lot.
- Around three and three became the thing.
- Is it a huge drop off from the top ones?
Like, is it like a few people do a lot more
than everybody else kind of thing?
- There's like the top, I would say,
if you look at over a million invocations a day,
there's like 20, I think, maybe less than, sorry, not per day.
Yep, no, sorry, per day is probably like five
that do over a million a day.
But the thing is we know of,
we know like, no personally of customers
that do like billions of invocations a month,
but for them, like they can't just add on a tool.
Like they need to like go through some more formal process
to get it approved and all of that.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- We're learning a lot just by looking at some of this data.
So like right now, we're only gonna hit
like this mid-range tier of like range
from like hobby projects to like smaller companies
that don't have like a ton of overhead.
So that there's always gonna be a limit there.
And we were like looking through and we were looking
at the data 'cause we're trying to figure out
our pricing model 'cause we wanna do it usage-based.
Yeah, we concluded that it doesn't make sense
to charge this tier of people like a ton
to try to maximize revenue 'cause most of it's gonna come
from the people that need like a more involved process
to onboard with the tier.
- That makes sense.
- We built the whole, and this is a really great pattern
that I think more companies should follow.
Our app is just an SST app, right?
So mostly if you do SC deploy the console,
that's how we deploy it.
You theoretically could just clone the repo
and do the same thing.
There's a little bit of a configuration that we need to
remove or like to make it so it doesn't depend
on certain things 'cause it doesn't make sense
for self-hosting.
But the idea is you can like easily spin up a version
of the console in your own account.
And for these bigger companies,
that's really what's gonna have to happen.
- Oh.
- They just don't trust.
- They're not gonna hand over their account.
- Yeah.
- It just makes the conversation harder.
Like they probably will with enough talking
and documents and all this stuff.
- Yeah, yeah.
- But a nice thing that we can literally say,
okay, just clone the repo and do SC deploy
in your own dedicated.
It was account and then-
- They have their own concept.
- Just pay us.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, exactly.
- Okay.
- So we call this, there's been a lot of different,
so the history has been like a fully hosted version
or like an on-premise version.
And usually the on-premise version was like,
like there's a lot of work for you to sell
because they have to learn how to like operate your software.
Like, oh, it's a container and needs a database.
And like you need to spin up Kubernetes, all this stuff.
But because our stuff is just built using native AWS tools.
Self-hosting is like very little work.
Like it just kind of runs on Lambda.
Yeah, you don't have to scale anything.
You don't have to like really worry about much.
We did use PlanetScale.
So that's the one thing where we have to like fall back
to RDS.
- Yeah.
- But that's not a big deal.
So yeah, self-hosting becomes very easy.
And it's great for the customer
because like no overhead in self-hosting is great for us
because now we can get these bigger enterprise type deals.
But you know, it's not like the code base
is enough to like drastically vary.
So it's a great model, I think.
- Yeah, that's awesome.
- Like there's a lot of software I would love to self-host,
but I just don't 'cause I don't want to like
manage a container for it, you know?
- Interesting.
Yeah, it's just like their app.
They deploy, just like they deploy their own app.
It's a SST app, that's awesome.
- Yeah, yeah.
- So we're trying to figure all that out
and we're probably gonna launch.
I think we're gonna launch billing today.
- Ooh.
- Billing.
- Hopefully.
- So you can start making money.
- For making more than zero dollars.
- More than zero dollars.
You got more than zero users.
Hopefully making more than zero dollars.
Startups that's hard.
- I know.
- But it's worth it.
- A lot to figure out.
- So worth it.
- I think so.
I mean, I really enjoy this past week.
We just had so many discussions on just pricing
and strategy and like really thinking through all this stuff
and I find that really, really fun and rewarding.
I think another interesting stat is I think so far,
we've launched, it's been like two weeks, I think,
and we've have like 700 AWS accounts connected so far.
- Wow.
- It was pretty good.
- That's awesome.
Do you have any like,
you've been head down building,
but do you have any new thoughts,
like a little check in on the broader startup ecosystem,
the post free money environment that we're in?
Like if there've been any developments,
how do you feel about the outlook for startups?
- I think there's been,
the interesting thought I had yesterday was,
so there's like this fallacy
that exists into extremes, right?
There's the startup that never has any business model
and they just try to grow, grow, grow, grow, grow,
and they realize one day like,
okay, we grew a bunch, but this doesn't make any sense.
Then there's the opposite extreme, which is also bad,
where you just focus on like revenue way too early
and you never really find a product that can be huge
'cause you like just kind of limit yourself.
So I think, so obviously we were at one extreme,
like the no-biz model extreme,
but now I'm seeing people swing to the other extreme
where they're like trying to,
because everyone's like worried about money
and want to become sustainable,
they're like really focused on getting more dollars out
from people before their product is like hyper-growing,
before they really found a product market fit.
And I think that's kind of,
the reason startups and VCs exist
is so that you can buy time to turn the revenue
on after a couple years of experimenting
and find something that really hits.
So I feel like people aren't threading that well
where now they're just way too focused on revenue.
- Yeah.
- And there's a lot of pressure,
like what we ourselves feel it
and like we are more focused on it than we were,
but like you, if you get into the mode
where you're like trying to squeeze more money out of people
when you're still like a pre-product fit company,
it's like squeezing more money out of like 200 people.
- Yeah.
- You know, it's like, this really makes sense.
- And like from a VCs perspective,
the whole goal is for these big wins.
Like they're hoping for the, you know,
earn their whole fund back wins.
And if startups are generally doing this
in their portfolio,
I would think they'll, don't not like that.
They'll shift the strategic thinking towards the other end.
- Yeah, it's a weird time.
I don't know.
Like, yeah, I think VCs are also confused
not that they were ever not confused.
(laughing)
- Companies like Uber,
when you're talking about the other end of the spectrum,
like where companies just grow, grow, grow
before they ever figure out the money side.
Like Uber, it sounds like they didn't know the business model,
but did they ever become profitable?
Like, I think of giant companies like that
as Uber profitable.
- So I actually don't put Uber in this category.
I think they had a very straightforward business model
and it actually all made sense.
They had their first profitable quarter this year or something.
- Oh, okay.
So they finally did, yeah, figure out the economics of it.
Yeah, it's a different thing
than what you're talking about.
You're talking about companies that just like,
there's no idea that we're gonna make money,
but they grow and blow it out
and then try and find a business model later.
- Yeah, like fundamentally, it doesn't make sense.
Like, so in Uber's case,
they didn't have to spend as much money as they did
to get to where they were.
I think someone like looked at that profitable quarter
and they like mapped it out and they were like,
I think they said if they continue to be profitable
at this rate, it's gonna take them like 30 or 40 years
to break even on the amount of money they've spent.
- Was that mostly 'cause of competition,
like with Lyft, they're just trying to win space.
So they had to be so aggressive or
- Just like, they have so many engineers,
like crazy, crazy burn rates.
They had a whole like self-driving car division.
They had like flying car division.
I don't know if you remember that.
- No, they had a flying car division.
They were gonna make flying cars.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, they had like a division for that.
They were like in all these countries
that they kind of got booted out of just 'cause like
you can't really operate freely in certain countries.
There's like a lot of waste and obviously
it's only clear in hindsight.
Some of it, you know, obviously like flying cars
maybe obvious in the moment as well.
But yeah, like they didn't, like the model worked
'cause like ultimately taxi companies work
where like there's a taxi company that employs
the hedge drivers and that whole model works.
At scale, it should have been even better
but they just spent way more money than they needed to.
And I think now they've like paired everything back.
They've raised prices to a place that is more sustainable.
I still think they're way too big probably,
but also Uber eats does really, really well.
- Oh really?
- Yeah, so they're not, they're like,
they're just like a weird example of like
that could have been a much healthier company,
but it just wasn't.
- Sorry, I'm stuck on this.
That little nugget you just pulled out,
that little Uber eats does really well.
Like, do you like read the Wall Street Journal?
Like where do you hear these kind of things?
Like what, well that one is a weird one
because we, back when I worked in at a company
that did like the medical transportation,
Uber was like a really close partner.
So I'd always be talking with people there
and they would just tell me about information
like Uber eats and how much money it's making and all of that.
So yeah, and I use it all the time too, so.
- I mean, yeah, whenever I travel, I'm big on the Uber eats.
- Everyone was always referencing it.
It's like become the default way to describe food delivery.
I think some people say DoorDash.
- The problem for me with like food delivery
that nobody seems to talk about is that
it's always a little cold.
It's not cold, but it's like.
- It sucks.
- It's not like eating the meal right after it was made.
Is there a solution to this?
- I think somebody, I'm gonna make up numbers,
but they're roughly, they're like, directionally correct.
I was told that, you know that delivery company is Slice?
Have you ever heard of it? - Never heard of it.
- They're like Uber eats just for pizza.
All they do is pizza places
since their entire focus is called Slice.
- It's the slice of the market, even, you might say.
- It's something like pizza is still like 60 plus percent
of all food delivery. - Oh, I guess that makes sense.
- And they only drop like 10% after all these like Uber eats
and DoorDash and all these things came out
because it's like one of the only foods
that like just travels well and is cheap and reliable.
There's so few places that I'm like happy to get delivery from.
You might have the same experience, but like over the past
couple of years, Lizz has gotten like insanely, insanely
good at cooking.
And now most food, especially delivery just feels terrible.
Like just compared to, it just like tastes like garbage.
Even when we go out, a lot of times we're like,
and this was like not worth it, you know?
- Yeah.
- So my bar on what's acceptable.
Yeah, my bar on what's acceptable just has gone up a lot.
And yeah, very like not a lot of food travels well at all.
- Yeah.
I mean, those vegan donuts in Vegas,
they traveled pretty well,
but they were mostly plastic, I think.
They were literally were children's toys.
I think just coated in sugar.
I don't know.
- Those could have been delivered
like a hundred years late and been a completely fine.
- Oh yeah, those would never decay.
Well, that wasn't like a documentary or something, right?
Didn't, maybe it was in the, they supersized me.
They like at the end of the documentary,
they took like a McDonald's burger
and put it in like this glass jar.
And then they put like a, like a mom and pop cafe burger
next to it and fries too, maybe, I don't know.
And they watched them decay like time lapse
and like the McDonald's burger never decay.
Just sat there.
And the other one like turned into mold in a week.
It was crazy.
- So the McDonald's one is better is what you said.
- I guess so, yeah.
And the life-giving properties of like anti-aging.
I mean, you will never decompose basically.
- Yeah.
There you go.
- You heard it here first.
- Yeah, but anyway, what were we talking about?
We're talking about how Uber,
before Uber, we're talking about just companies up.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're saying you don't put Uber in that category.
Like is there a company you will throw into the bus
and put in that category publicly?
- Do you remember?
Do you remember Fast?
I think they were called Fast.
- Wait.
- All those like instant checkout.
- No, it wasn't Fast, was it?
I know what you're talking about.
The instant checkout.
- Bold.
- The founder was like, you just really,
if you've ever disliked somebody publicly,
it was that founder.
What a guy.
- He was the one that had that picture.
Do you remember his profile picture?
- Was he like meditating?
- He was like for like, no.
- No, no, no, this one, it was like his face.
He had like a crazy face.
I was like, it was like a weirdly professional photo,
but he was like looking and the camera was pointing down
at him and it just was very, very annoying photo.
And he was always posting all this like founder insights.
I'm such a business genius.
- He was just like such a meme of San Francisco,
or not San Francisco, of like Silicon Valley founder culture.
- Yeah.
And that company like never made any money
because it just did not make any sense at all.
- Yeah.
- So yeah, I think those types of companies,
I don't know if we'll ever see those come back.
A lot of people made money starting those types of companies
and exiting somehow, but.
- Good for them.
Good for them.
- It just sucks that we're stuck with them now.
Like the people that did that and failed,
they're wiped out.
We'll never see them again.
Really, they're not gonna annoy us.
But there's probably like 50 people
that did stuff like that and made money.
And now they're just gonna be pouring their insights out
on us for like the next 30 years.
- They've successfully exited a company.
They've got stuff to share.
- Yeah.
- The world is so random.
Basically taking nothing at face value.
Is that what you're saying?
Or is that just my conclusion?
- My main point is that you should just shut up
about Tailwind.
(laughing)
- Sorry.
- This is all gonna stop talking about Tailwind.
If you're listening, spread the word.
If you talk about Tailwind, I'm gonna come after you.
- I'm not sure how we got there, but okay.
Fair enough.
It's just so good.
It's so nice.
I don't know what your problem with it is.
- I don't have a problem with it.
It's just like, it's just fine.
(laughing)
Do you really love it?
- I'm trying to think of like.
- I really honestly do.
Do you want me to go into the reasons why?
(laughing)
- No, I don't.
- If you never heard why Tailwind is good,
do I need to tell you?
- Oh my God.
You know, this is like buying a really nice,
handmade Italian sports car.
And you're like, I just love the space and the trunk.
It's just like, if you focus on some random detail of like,
oh yeah, the floor mats are like amazing.
Like everyone needs to get these floor mats.
- Oh, I love it.
- You're just saying, well, 'cause you view things,
I think some people would say,
I mean styling is a big part of the front end.
But you don't view things from a front end perspective.
You've got the whole project in one repo.
I mean, you're very full stack to the,
like as much as anyone is full stack,
you're a full stack dev.
You work on the infrastructure, you know, whatever,
all the way down to the CSS.
So it is a tiny part of what you do.
But for some people, I'm imagining, I don't know,
front end developers.
It's like they write markup and they style it.
And so it's like half of their job.
- But the thing is, and the classic thing
that people respond to me hearing me say this is like,
oh, you just don't think fun is important.
Like you don't think it matters.
- You say yeah, I don't.
- But it doesn't matter, U.S. is the front end.
(laughing)
But this past two months,
I've mostly been writing front end.
Like I've been doing a ton of front end,
a ton of styling.
We've been building a product from zero.
Like most of the work was design work
and getting things styled right and looking right
and feeling right.
I care a lot about it.
I am happy with the tools that I use.
I think most of my pain comes from making a good product
that like looks good.
Like the, yeah, how I literally style and do it.
Like there's like five good options to do that now.
And Tailwind is one of them.
So I'm just like, okay, we will like, we're happy.
Aren't we happy?
Didn't we be happy now?
Like why are we still talking about this?
- It is.
- Will you still be talking about this much
if you were happy?
- I don't know.
- And I don't know one person.
I'm not trying to call anybody out.
It is odd though that it does continue to be a topic
that we will forever discuss.
Like is it just something about the polarization of it?
Like the fact that it has some of these traits
that people latch on to and freak out like in lines.
It looks like inline styles.
Like is that the reason that we still talk about it?
- My theory with the reason that these stupid things
draw so much passion, I posted this the other day.
The only explanation I can come up with for this is
people work at companies where this is not consensus.
So they want to use Tailwind or they want to use whatever.
And maybe like 70% of the company agrees,
but there's a kind of annoying 30% that's holding out.
And you can't like really yell at your coworkers in this way.
- So I think it just comes out online where whenever
someone is like, I don't like Tailwind,
all these people that are upset at their coworkers
are not enemies.
They're like, I'm gonna get my anger out on this person.
That's my only explanation for it.
If that's not it, I gave everyone a reasonable reason
for being this way.
There's a reason why you're that way.
There's something wrong with you.
(laughs)
- That's your only out.
Bex just gave you your one escape.
- Yeah.
All right, I've got a cold and I need to pee.
So I've got a lot of things working against me here.
A lot of things that want to come out of my body.
- What order are you going to do them in?
- I don't know actually.
I'll probably pee first.
It's a little more pressing.
This just got weird.
I don't know.
Maybe we don't include this in the podcast
for our poor listeners.
- No, I include it.
Adam is going to pee them blow.
- Okay, fine.
You don't want to include it.
I'm going to pee them blow this.
You don't shorten it to blow.
It just sounds like doing a drug, I think.
(laughs)
I think it sounds familiar.
I don't know.
It's all on TV.
(laughs)
- Episode 50 in the books.
50 of them.
Half a hundred.
That's not a way that you refer to 15.
Nope.
One of them I think enough.
- Yeah, I'm just realizing our very important milestone,
50 of the episode is going to be about tailwind
and I just did it to myself.
- You're part of the problem.
You're part of the problem.
- No, I can't stop either.
- All right, well, congratulations on Twitch partner.
I can't believe I just now learned it
by looking at your name on Twitch
and seeing the little purple check.
- Did you announce it?
- I think you already knew this.
You just forgot.
- No, you didn't tell me.
- I did, I tweeted.
LOL, I got Twitch partner last week and I didn't notice.
- I didn't see that tweet, honestly.
- Oh, maybe it was when you were disappeared.
- I mean, yeah, I'm not on,
I don't see all your tweets anymore
'cause I don't get on Twitter every day.
I missed it.
There you go.
You didn't DM it to me though.
- Did you?
- No, I didn't DM you.
I'm sorry.
- That's okay.
In the recording and then continue talking
'cause that's when all the good content comes out
after we record (laughing)
everything interesting we say happens after we stop
the podcast.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay.
So let's say bye.
- Okay, see ya.
- See ya.
(upbeat music)
- And then we look at chat.
- We talk to chat.
- Tran's coding.
Just never stop recording.
We'll just never stop.
We'll just go forever.
They actually gotta leave your stream up.
You can't turn off the stream.
- Oh, Adam, you didn't see that tweet
'cause I tweeted it only to my circle.
- Oh, oh, I'm not in your circle.
You just kidding.
- Oh, you're nice about that one, Paul.
I just sold Pete Bertrand's shirt.
- That's good.
AJ's here.
Well, I'm gonna talk to AJ tomorrow on.
- Very exciting.
- Yeah.
- We're gonna record with AJ.
I'm gonna talk about AJ as a crazy person
and we shouldn't trust anything he tries to say.
He literally jumps off of bridges.
- What?
- Literally jumps off of bridges.
- Like functioning bridges?
- You haven't seen AJ's videos of him base jumping.
- Have I seen this, AJ?
You base jump?
- He does backflips off of bridges.
- Well, I guess if you might've showed me at re-invent,
did you have a video at re-invent AJ?
It's sort of familiar.
How often, AJ?
- Are you like--
- One thing I love about the videos is you can tell
he's like a pro and very confident in his own.
It's a bunch of times.
So he's like pretty like calm.
But despite that, you can still see the hell yeah.
I'm still alive, like kind of in his voice.
- Yeah.
I mean, that's gotta be every time you do something like that.
Even people who jump out of planes all the time, right?
They've surely got to have like a moment of,
I'm on the ground.
- Yeah.
- Have you ever done anything like that?
Have you?
Any kind of thrill seeking?
- Never done bass jumping, no.
- Have you ever jumped out of a plane?
- Yeah.
- You've gone skydiving?
- But strap to someone else, yeah.
- Are you serious?
- A long time ago.
- Did we talk about this?
- I don't think it's a big deal.
I think a lot of people do that.
It's like not that you need.
- I think it is a big deal.
I think jumping out of a plane is a big deal.
- You just strapped to somebody else
and it's just this weird thing.
- So why did you have to be strapped to somebody else?
- You couldn't, you didn't have--
- I thought the rule was that--
- You weren't tall enough, did you not cross time?
- Align.
(laughing)
- No, I was tall enough.
In fact, that was too tall, just kidding.
(laughing)
- What was it like to know that that person,
like that they had your life in their hands?
If they didn't pull that cord, you were gone.
- People have my life in their hands all the time.
When I take an Uber, that person has their life in my hands.
- I guess, yeah.
Okay, Uber, a pilot in the plane.
- Yeah, although you don't ever fly anywhere,
'cause you're a jerk and you won't come to--
- Switching to New Jersey and I came back.
- You did, wait a minute.
I thought you were too busy to travel.
You, hmm.
- But that's why I have to allocate my travel
to the things I can't say no to.
- Do things you care about?
Oh.
- You can't say no to a joke.
I understand that, obligations.
- I get it.
- You can do an eight hour ground course
and jump solo right away.
Yes, okay, so I think I did do an eight hour ground course,
so that's why.
- Eight hour ground course, like you learn
for eight hours on the ground, how to jump off a base.
Oh, wait.
- No, no, no, no.
How to jump off of an airplane.
Then you can do it, your first jump can be solo.
- Oh, out of a, I gotcha.
Wait a minute, why is it called base jumping?
What is a base?
- It's an acronym, it's a, what is an acronym?
Building antenna spanners.
- I'm sorry, what?
Oh, those are the different things,
the four objects you can jump from.
And antenna, like on top of the Empire State Building?
Is that an antenna?
- Wait, hang on.
Okay, so you know, when I used to live in New York,
I live right by the New World Trade Center.
And before it opened, a bunch of people climbed,
snuck in, climbed to the top and jumped off of it.
And they landed like on the street where I lived,
at like in the middle of the night.
- What?
- And you see them land in front of this taxi.
I'm always like that taxi driver,
which is like, what the hell just happened?
(laughing)
- I guess parachutes, that's how you base jump
with the parachute, right?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- That's high enough?
- I feel like doing it to be a certain height
above the earth to use a parachute reliably or no.
- There's definitely a minimum height,
but it's not that high
because you hit terminal velocity pretty quick
with a parachute, it's a whole point, right?
- I don't know, the whole point.
- The ages as these jumped as low as 125 feet.
- Oh my word, are you serious?
And a parachute works at 120 feet, huh?
- Three iron workers.
Oh, they were, oh, interesting.
Were they working on the World Trade Center?
'Cause I was wondering how they got up there,
like how they needed to go up there.
- Ah.
- Yeah, I'll share the video later.
It is really insane just to do that.
I mean, they got arrested and they got in trouble
and all of that, but definitely worth it.
- Man, you guys are crazy.
I don't have the thrill-seeking jeans.
- I like the ground.
- The AJ's crazy.
- I don't even like flying.
- I like the ground, too.
- Yeah, flying sucks.
Do you think every time you get on a plane,
you like imagine it going down?
- You used to be really afraid of terrorists.
- Oh, interesting.
- That was like the source of my fear.
I never really worried about a plane crashing, really.
But I mean, of course, I feel relieved when it lands.
- Yeah.
- It's, I love, I love flying to Miami or like leaving,
whatever, like when I'm on a plane
with a bunch of people from Miami,
people get like, people are like pretty religious.
And like, when we were leaving to go to New Jersey
and we landed, the woman was like doing like the Jesus thing.
I know what this is called, where you go like the cross thing.
- Yeah.
- Was that called something?
- I think it is, but I don't remember.
- Okay, she was like doing that as we landed.
- Oh yeah, I mean, that's the moment.
It's just like when I think about being that high
up in the air and being in a metal tube going that fast.
I don't know, it's just hard not to think about it
going wrong, like so many things that could go wrong.
I hate flying.
- Have you seen those?
So the smallest private jet you can buy, I think,
it's all a serious something, it has a parachute in it.
- No, for the plane?
- For the plane, for the plane, yeah.
- It's light enough that the parachute can stop it from, huh?
- Yeah, and it's been, I think, so I know it's definitely
been deployed once ever for some Walmart executive.
He was flying, he had to do it and it saved him.
- Yeah.
- And I think recently it got deployed one more time.
I think it was the past couple of months.
- Wow, that's crazy.
- Yeah, it's definitely a crazy feat of engineering,
but if I ever have a plane one day, it's gonna be that one.
- So my brother is like a commercial airline pilot
for Delta.
- All right.
- He told me that there's a certain kind of plane,
if you ever get a plane, like you wanna be a private pilot,
you wanna single engine.
People that are like doctors and lawyers,
they can afford a plane and they get like a dual prop plane.
They think like two engines safer than one.
They call those doctor killers or lawyer codes.
- Yeah, I've heard that.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- 'Cause one engine goes out and it's like a death spiral
and they don't know how to recover.
They're not experienced enough pilots.
So you want one with just a single,
like a single engine in the front,
you're getting a small plane.
- Interesting.
- Just for those listening that might, you know,
wanna buy a plane someday.
- It's always like the doctor and his family and their dog.
That's like always a story.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, the dog.
I know what you're talking about.
I've heard that story.
- It's always like the dog.
There's all the dogs always there.
- So listen, I realized the problem with this plan,
where we say on after we don't hit the button is,
I still have to pee.
And also, I feel like we still knew it was recording
'cause this still wasn't any good.
And now we've over-promised.
People thought, "Oh, this is gonna be the good stuff."
I mean, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't like,
I feel like we're a lot looser.
Little more, maybe we say things we shouldn't say.
I don't know. (laughs)
I've got a jiu-jitsu takedown seminar tomorrow.
I'm gonna be learning some takedowns
for like three hours in the morning.
- Nice.
- Sorry.
I'll be throwing people at the ground.
Is that when you insult each other?
Oh, let's do your throw each other, yeah.
- Like you suck, no, you suck.
(both laughing)
I think I have tennis elbow, by the way, in both elbows.
- Oh, is that what that is?
- Yeah, like not from getting armbarred.
I thought I'd just been talking
about my left elbow pain on armbar,
but then I realized, "Oh, my right one hurts just as bad."
And it turns out, tennis elbow, very common with jiu-jitsu
because you're using your arms in so many ways,
like planking on them and like just gripping really hard.
All these different things you're doing
that your elbow is not really getting that strain
in everyday life, so it's pretty painful.
- Are you gonna like become stronger
in these ways doing this,
or is it just gonna deteriorate you more?
- Is this gonna be nagging injuries?
Yeah, am I gonna slide into my 40s half decrepit,
not able to move around the house?
I don't know.
I hope that I'm gonna adapt and be stronger,
but I don't know, I should look it up.
At my age, "Hey, my birthday is Sunday."
- I really do have to pee.
- Yeah.
- Oh, you knew that, huh?
- You just knew that.
- You told me last time.
- Oh, okay.
(laughs)
- I put it in my calendar.
- Oh, you put it in your calendar.
Wait, when's your birthday?
Oh, do you wanna share your birthday?
I don't know if you wanna share your birthday.
- No, I don't wanna share my birthday.
I'll tell you in private.
- Tell me in private, yeah.
- I mean, everyone knows
'cause I think people talk about it last year, whatever.
- It's a privacy thing.
I understand that now.
Too late, I already said,
"Well, you don't know when this was recorded."
Except everyone in Twitch share right now. You guys know my birthday now.
- This was recorded August 17th.
- Stop it!
(laughs)
- Oh, love it.
All right.
I'll see you next time.
- Okay.
- All right, see ya.
- Bye.
(upbeat music)
[BLANK_AUDIO]